content/authors/dongwook-kwon/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Dongwook Kwon

# Full Name (for SEO)
first_name: Dongwook
last_name: Kwon

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: MS Student

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
  - name: Department of Computer Engineering, Kwangwoon University
    url: 'https://www.kw.ac.kr'

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: His research interests include deep learning, anomaly detection algorithm, and computer vision.

interests:
  - Deep Learning
  - Anomaly Detection
  - Computer Vision
  - Medical Device Security
  - Graph Neural Networks
  - Time-Series Analysis

education:
  courses:
    - course: MS in Computer Engineering (Current)
      institution: Kwangwoon University
      year: 
    - course: BS in Electronics & Communications Engineering
      institution: Kwangwoon University
      year: 

# Social/Academic Networking
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: 'mailto:tomiyadragon@gmail.com'
  - icon: google-scholar
    icon_pack: ai
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=4dZoa_8AAAAJ

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
user_groups:
  - MS Students
---

Dongwook Kwon received his BS degree in Electronics & Communications Engineering from Kwangwoon University in Seoul, South Korea. He is currently pursuing the MS degree in computer engineering at Kwangwoon University.

His research interests include deep learning, anomaly detection algorithms, and computer vision, with a focus on medical device security and industrial cyber-physical systems.

## Publications

### Conference Papers

- **Enhancing Medical Device Security with GNN-GRU Anomaly Detection Model**  
  D. Kwon, Y. Kang, and C. Park, The Korean Society of Medical & Biological Engineering, Nov 2023

- **Real-Time Anomaly Detection in Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems Using Deep Learning based Bidirectional GRU**  
  D. Kwon, Y. Kang, J. Yang, and C. Park, IEIE Artificial Intelligence and Signal Processing, Sep 2023, pp. 239-241

- **Analysis of Reconstruction-Based Multivariate ECG Time-Series Data for Arrhythmia Diagnosis**  
  D. Kwon, Y. Kang, and C. Park, The Korean Society of Medical & Biological Engineering, Nov 2022, pp. 425-426

## Awards

- **Grand Prize (최우수상)** - 프레임-이벤트 카메라 센서 기반 자동 백혈구 모니터링 연구  
  신산업융합형임베디드시스템 전문인력양성사업, Nov 2024

- **Gold Prize (금상) - Minister's Award** - 영상처리를 활용한 스마트 항만 관리에 대한 연구  
  스마트 해상물류 프로젝트 경진대회, 2021

- **Grand Prize (최우수상) - President's Award** - Research of Smart Kitchen IoT System Using Computer Vision & Deep Learning  
  MY(Multi-Y)캡스톤 디자인 경진대회, 2021

- **Encouragement Award (장려상)** - AI 해커톤, 2021

Commit message:

Update README maintenance guide and reorganize members (Alumni and Interns)

content/authors/dongwook-kwon/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Dongwook Kwon

# Full Name (for SEO)
first_name: Dongwook
last_name: Kwon

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: false

# Role/position
role: Researcher, Suresoft Technologies Inc.

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
  - name: Suresoft Technologies Inc.
    url: 'https://www.suresofttech.com/'

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: His research interests include deep learning, anomaly detection algorithm, and computer vision.

interests:
  - Deep Learning
  - Anomaly Detection
  - Computer Vision
  - Medical Device Security
  - Graph Neural Networks
  - Time-Series Analysis

education:
  courses:
    - course: MS in Computer Engineering
      institution: Kwangwoon University
      year: 2026
    - course: BS in Electronics & Communications Engineering
      institution: Kwangwoon University
      year: 2024

# Social/Academic Networking
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: 'mailto:tomiyadragon@gmail.com'
  - icon: google-scholar
    icon_pack: ai
    link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=4dZoa_8AAAAJ

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ''

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
user_groups:
  - Alumni
---

Dongwook Kwon received his BS degree in Electronics & Communications Engineering and MS degree in Computer Engineering from Kwangwoon University in Seoul, South Korea.

His research interests include deep learning, anomaly detection algorithms, and computer vision, with a focus on medical device security and industrial cyber-physical systems.

## Publications

### Conference Papers

- **Enhancing Medical Device Security with GNN-GRU Anomaly Detection Model**  
  D. Kwon, Y. Kang, and C. Park, The Korean Society of Medical & Biological Engineering, Nov 2023

- **Real-Time Anomaly Detection in Industrial Cyber-Physical Systems Using Deep Learning based Bidirectional GRU**  
  D. Kwon, Y. Kang, J. Yang, and C. Park, IEIE Artificial Intelligence and Signal Processing, Sep 2023, pp. 239-241

- **Analysis of Reconstruction-Based Multivariate ECG Time-Series Data for Arrhythmia Diagnosis**  
  D. Kwon, Y. Kang, and C. Park, The Korean Society of Medical & Biological Engineering, Nov 2022, pp. 425-426

## Awards

- **Grand Prize (최우수상)** - 프레임-이벤트 카메라 센서 기반 자동 백혈구 모니터링 연구  
  신산업융합형임베디드시스템 전문인력양성사업, Nov 2024

- **Gold Prize (금상) - Minister's Award** - 영상처리를 활용한 스마트 항만 관리에 대한 연구  
  스마트 해상물류 프로젝트 경진대회, 2021

- **Grand Prize (최우수상) - President's Award** - Research of Smart Kitchen IoT System Using Computer Vision & Deep Learning  
  MY(Multi-Y)캡스톤 디자인 경진대회, 2021

- **Encouragement Award (장려상)** - AI 해커톤, 2021
